yes that's right Ross Malloy cannot come
to school today he's real sick goodbye
yes hello Jack no I can't come to work
today he's really sick I asked another
stomachache right no that was not him at
the 7-eleven buying beer that was also
not him at the strip club either both
see you tomorrow same time same place
okay and son always remember school and
work is for saps
you're an inspiration jack no wonder
every kid in the neighborhood asks you
to buy his beer fluffy what do you want
to do today let's see Hercules again do
we have to see that every day
Hercules rules hey hey clapping wait a
minute I've got an idea why don't we
come up with an animated feature of our
own maybe we could raise some old
children's story or myth
you know what it'd be good if we found
something in the head like heroic
figures and and some historical facts
that we could mangle and miss portray
the perfect idea
Hitler and Stalin's big adventure smarts
and Egger is the voice of Hitler that's
a stretch huh rubber face chameleon Jim
Carrey is the mysterious Joe Stalin and
simbad as Mussolini
commence the Soul Train run on time I'm
a little worried about Germany coming
after us though oh come on you know
they're famous for their Teutonic sense
of humor a plastic cup tie in with der
Wienerschnitzel ride them you'll be back
to taint we're invading Poland tonight
you're not shopping that idea around
again are you oh honey a good idea isn't
dead until you are how are you
I am deliriously happy I am flushed with
victory I finally defeated the teachers
been torturing me for years it's not
wrong to crush an enemy is it daddy well
I wouldn't know honey you see I'm
usually the crush eat everybody who's
ever been pushed around from Friday's
sweetheart just like you're going to be
proud of me when you see Hitler in the
Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade up there
between Snoopy and Santa Claus
daddy mr. Monty Leone is so evil there's
not an ounce of guilt in my body I
tangle with triumph where is Tiffany's
father you're looking at well I was
hoping you'd be a smaller man I feel my
anger slipping away too bad well I'll be
around in case it comes back miss Molloy
I just came here to tell you that no
matter what they do to me I know but for
once in my life I was a good teacher you
have embraced the highest principles of
American journalism you used the power
of the press to destroy an innocent
man's reputation in order to sell papers
so you're proud of me
the way you twisted the facts and used
mere innuendo to savage a reputation yes
of course I'm proud of you I do
something rotten he makes me feel guilty
you take the joy out of it why can't I
get any pleasure out of anything ever
cause that way daddy can sleep at night
use the newspaper to ruin you I guess I
can use the newspaper to build you back
up there's still a way to save your
reputation
what would you like me to deny this time
being the Unabomber crashing the MIR
space station green-lighting speed two
people are suckers for a good apology
there's nothing they love more than
repentant sinners why I'm sure we could
even forgive the Native Americans if
they would just apologize
my name is mr. Monty Leone and this is
my third day without sheep it's been
tough but with the help of my friends
and God I'm Dean Stockwell for giving me
my job back I'd like to thank my local
liquor store for extending my line of
credit through these tough times I'd
like to thank journalist Tiffany Malloy
for proving that the press can be used
for good not just for evil sounds like
somebody's got a drinking problem
this is Tiffany Malloy and remember kids
journalists are just writers who
couldn't publish a novel stay tuned for
your local news
flash the Martians have landed but first
how Buffy the Vampire Slayer stays in
shape bunny loving dear mr. floppy me my
friends enjoy your show please settle an
argument are you a bear a dog or just
old socks badly sewn together there you
Lovejoy Beaumont Texas I'm glad you
asked that question I'm all bunny just
ask my girlfriends I can be anything you
want I can be tender or that can be
rough and tough but only if you're 18 or
have your parents credit card